README.md, before:

# segmentation

A ROS package that converts images into a semantic scene graph for other systems.

## Goals

The final deliverable should be a reusable modular ROS package that takes video feed as input and outputs labeled segmented scene semantics.

The goal for this repository is not a robot using this package. Integration will occur in another repository.

## Timeline

Part 1: Convert video into a semantic scene

    1. Install YOLO, OpenCV, and ROS Noetic
    2. Implement YOLO on a test image
    3. Modify YOLO to work with a live camera feed
    4. Implement deduplication of objects between frames
    5. Implement data structure to store data compatible with ROS messages

Part 2: Enhance model to generate scene graphs

    1. Read about Relational Scene Graphs by Jenkins
    2. Implement scene graphs
    3. Integrate with previous ROS system

## Setup

Add the project to a catkin workspace.

```bash
rosdep install --from-paths src --ignore-src -r -y
catkin build
cd src/segmentation/object_detection
catkin test --this
```

## Usage

Todo

Commit message:

Add docker file that can run tests

README.md, after:

# segmentation

A ROS package that converts images into a semantic scene graph for other systems.

## Goals

The final deliverable should be a reusable modular ROS package that takes video feed as input and outputs labeled segmented scene semantics.

The goal for this repository is not a robot using this package. Integration will occur in another repository.

## Timeline

Part 1: Convert video into a semantic scene

    1. Install YOLO, OpenCV, and ROS Noetic
    2. Implement YOLO on a test image
    3. Modify YOLO to work with a live camera feed
    4. Implement deduplication of objects between frames
    5. Implement data structure to store data compatible with ROS messages

Part 2: Enhance model to generate scene graphs

    1. Read about Relational Scene Graphs by Jenkins
    2. Implement scene graphs
    3. Integrate with previous ROS system

## Setup

Add the project to a catkin workspace.

```bash
rosdep install --from-paths src --ignore-src -r -y
catkin build
cd src/segmentation/object_detection
catkin test --this
```

You can also run the tests via docker:

```bash
docker compose build
docker compose run --rm app catkin test
```

## Usage

Todo
